Add `#[abi_name(name = "foo")]` attribute to rename ABI items. (#7057)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/reference/attributes.md

by the attribute. This can be useful to allow renaming items, while allowing for keeping backwards
compatibility at the contract ABI level.

> **Note**: At the moment, only enum and struct types support the attribute.

In the example that follows, we originally had a `MyStruct` and `MyEnum` types, which we renamed in Sway:

```sway
contract;

#[abi_name(name = "MyStruct")]
struct RenamedMyStruct {}

#[abi_name(name = "MyEnum")]
enum RenamedMyEnum {
  A: ()
}

abi MyAbi {
    fn my_struct() -> RenamedMyStruct;
    fn my_enum() -> RenamedMyEnum;
}

impl MyAbi for Contract {
  fn my_struct() -> RenamedMyStruct { RenamedMyStruct{} }
  fn my_enum() -> RenamedMyEnum { RenamedMyEnum::A }
}
```

This generates the following JSON ABI:

```json
{
  "concreteTypes": [
    {
      "concreteTypeId": "215af2bca9e1aa8fec647dab22a0cd36c63ce5ed051a132d51323807e28c0d67",
      "metadataTypeId": 1,
      "type": "enum MyEnum"
    },
    {
      "concreteTypeId": "d31db280ac133d726851d8003bd2f06ec2d3fc76a46f1007d13914088fbd0791",
      "type": "struct MyStruct"
    }
  ],
  ...
}
```

We get the same JSON ABI output both before and after renaming the types, due to attributing them with

> `#[abi_name(name = ...)]`, which forces them to be generated with the previous Sway name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`#[abi_name(name = ...)]`, which forces them to be generated with their previous Sway names.
```

The `#[test(should_revert)]` attribute marks a function to be executed as a test that should revert.

More details in [Unit Testing](../testing/unit-testing.md).

## ABI Name

The `#[abi_name]` attribute allows to specify the ABI name for an item.
This means that when a contract ABI JSON file is generated, the name that is output is the one specified
by the attribute. This can be useful to allow renaming items, while allowing for keeping backwards

> compatibility at the contract ABI level.

Reviewer 2: I think this needs a larger example. With at least concrete mention of how this changes the ABI output.
